So Kelly Lennox is a Debian based Linux distribution aimed at advanced penetration testing and security
auditing, Colly contains several hundred tools which are geared towards various information security
tasks such as penetration testing, security research, computer forensics and reverse engineering.
Carly Lennox is developed, funded and maintained by offensive security, a leading information security
training company.
Now we're going to use Carly as the attacker system, however, if you don't want to use Carly for whatever
reason, you can download the tools that we use and install them to your host machine.
So let's download it and install it is a virtual machine on our host system.
I'm going to prepare Carly PVM directly from the VMware image first.
The first step is to download the VM files.
Over the browser and simply Google words, collee and download.
The first website is the official site of college, so click on it.
This is the download page of COLLEE.
These are the ISO files you can use them to install.
Colly is the main host or as a virtual machine in any virtualization platform.
Now, these are the images that you can use to install.
With the latest release, Kelly, Linux announced that the images have been restructured and simplified,
so from now on, Callisthenics has new image styles, installer image, a live image and a network installer
image.
Installer image is recommended for users who want to use Calli Linux on their system, no network connection
is required.
You can choose desktop environment such as CEO, KDE, Knowm and any other tools that you want to install
during your installation.
Now, the second one is a live image.
So it's used to run Calli without installing it.
And the last one is a network install image, the smallest image, of course, download containing only
enough to install the base system that requires a network connection to install selected applications.
At the bottom of the Colly image files table, there are ready to use.
Well, almost ready to use Colly virtual machines.
So if you're going to use as virtual machine, you can use them instead of installing ISO files from
scratch.
I was going to use one of these images now, so I'll click on this link, the VMware images are on this
tab.
The first link is a zip archive.
You have to extract it after the download.
Let me show you what you will have after you extract it.
And you will have a VMware file.
You can simply run the VMAX file to run the VM.